---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/why-people-called-me-007/","noteIcon":""}
---


# Why people called me 007?

I go by the name _**Muhib**_, and people often refer to me as Newton in school and college. I'm not entirely sure why, perhaps because of my keen interest in space and time. During my childhood, I spent a significant amount of time at home, engrossed in reading story books and Islamic literature. I also enjoyed constructing motor-card boats, which I would sell to my friends (imagine a laughing emoji here). My outdoor activities were mostly limited to playing street cricket since my parents were quite conservative. If I didn't return home promptly after offering namaz (prayer), I would often face consequences.

During my school years, my interest in matters of religion was limited, but I maintained the practice of praying five times a day. However, a change in schools led to a shift in my social circle and ignited a deep fascination with Allah Almighty and Prophet Muhammad (PBUH). This marked the beginning of a transformative phase in my life, as my attachment to religion gradually grew stronger. Exploring this topic further would require a separate discussion, highlighting the extent of my dedication. Moving on to my matriculation, I achieved a score of 1073, which didn't bring me joy since I prioritized understanding concepts over chasing high marks. It was during this time that I discovered my passion for Arabic calligraphy and devoted considerable effort to mastering it. Transitioning to college, I encountered the harsh realities of the world, witnessing people's deceitfulness. However, a remarkable professor named Abdul Sattar Nafeesi played a pivotal role in my life. His wisdom, diverse knowledge, and ability to captivate audiences were reminiscent of Allama Iqbal. He instilled in me a deep sense of faith, heightened emotions, and sensitivity, leaving a lasting impact on my journey.

  
Then, the COVID-19 pandemic struck, marking a period of uncertainty and ups and downs in my life. The reasons behind my setbacks are detailed in my future book. After completing FSc, I was fortunate enough to be selected for my dream university, FAST-Lhr. I entered the university with a sense of joy and optimism, and everything seemed to be going well. Prior to this, during my college years, I was even on a scholarship, paying just 10 Rupees for 3 month. Strangely, paying such a small amount at the bank always made me feel embarrassed.   

During my time in university, I became aware that my parents were making sacrifices and saving money for my future. It made me realize that obtaining a degree from this prestigious university could potentially lead to better financial prospects and an improved quality of life. However, I couldn't bear the thought of putting my parents through financial difficulties or causing them pain as they made these sacrifices for me. Thus, I started exploring other universities with lower tuition fees. That's when I came across PUCIT (Punjab University College of Information Technology). I began gathering information about it and fervently prayed to Allah, asking for His help in securing admission there. To make my decision seem genuine, I told my parents that I was finding it challenging to adjust to the tough syllabus at my current university and that I wanted to consider transferring to another institution. I asked a friend to check the fifth admission list for me, specifically looking for my name at the end. While in the lab, with finals approaching, I left to go home and secured admission in PUCIT with the roll number 40.

My PUCIT life is I think in front of you, In PUCIT I learned how to survive in materalistic people, and fight for your rights and a lot from Seniors from the future persceptive. 
So people called me 007 because , 0 problems in matric, level, 0 problems in FSc, 7 problems in university.

To go back to , [[How it all began\|How it all began]].